so you want to make a video for your Wix
website that's great
videos can reduce bounce rates increase
time on site and drive conversions you
might think making a video is difficult
not what go animate here everything is
controlled with simple drag-and-drop
tools let's take a look at how it works
we offer more than a dozen creative
themes including popular styles such as
2d animation whiteboard animation and
video infographics choose a theme to
start with and you'll land inside the
video maker this is the main work area
within go animate we have thousands of
characters backgrounds and props for you
to choose from and more are added all
the time changing the background is as
easy as dragging it onto the stage the
same goes for characters or any other
asset simply drag and drop when you
select a character the action panel
slides out from there you can give your
character an action a line of dialogue
or even a PowerPoint style entrance or
exit you can also create your own custom
characters using our character creator
props work the same way
drag them onto the stage select them to
assign an entrance or exit it's easy to
change an object size just drag the
corner it's also easy to flip their
direction or stack them in front of or
behind another object visits are dynamic
elements you can add to your scene they
include charts custom calendars and more
drag one to the stage input your data
and watch the visit bring it to life
many of our backgrounds are actually
smart sets if you look closely you'll
see that they contain a number of
separate elements each of which can be
customized as well as a number of
built-in entrance and exit effects you
can use these dynamic smart sets right
out-of-the-box or customize them further
it's up to you we provide everything you
need to make a great video our
characters can even lip-sync
we also understand that you might want
to include shots of your products a logo
or a fun audio clip unique to your
business our simple import tool will
help you import these sound and image
files make sure to regularly save your
work once your video is saved its
available for you to export to YouTube
and feature on your Wix website during
the free trial you can create up to
three watermark videos upgrade to make
an unlimited number of videos with no
watermark if you only need to make a few
videos just pause your subscription and
your card won't be charged for the
following month if you want to re-edit
or update your video down the road just
comeback and reactivate your
subscription that's it we hope this
quick tour has shown you how easy it is
to get started with goAnimate happy
video making from your friends at
goAnimate so you made a video using the
goAnimate business app on Wix now you
want to post it on your website it's
easy with our export to youtube feature
let's take a look at how it works
after finishing your video click Save
now confirm your video's name which
thumbnail to use and click close you
will be redirected to the videos page
press the export to youtube button here
in the overlay select your preferred
privacy setting and click export a
pop-up window will open where you will
be asked to grant access to your YouTube
channel you might need to log in to the
Google account attached to your YouTube
channel first click on grant access and
your video will be converted to mp4
format it will then be exported to
YouTube this usually takes around 5 to
10 minutes once the video has been
exported you will receive a notification
email from YouTube with the URL of your
video
to post the video click on manage site
and then on edit site next select the
page where you want to post the video
click on the add icon then media and
finally video a video player will be
added to your page in the video player
settings here paste the URL of your
YouTube video it's that simple your
video has been added to your site happy
video making from your friends at
goAnimate